
??? "I know this place hasn't been used in a while but man this place is dustier than my inbox...man even I cringe at my own jokes anyway let's get this over with"

Narrator "after being sent to venture the old school house you find yourself in an abandoned library in search of something for your teacher"

??? as Scarlet "(oh Scarlet you don't look busy could you do me a favor) what's that supposed to mean just because I was sitting alone and not doing anything...."

Scarlet "Let's just look for this book before I make myself cry"

Narrator "After what felt like hours of searching but in reality was 10 minutes"

Scarlet "ugh this sucks how does he expect one person to find a single book among all this junk"

Narrator "Just then you hear a noise"

Scarlet "Who's there show yourself"

??? "Easy there I come in peace I swear"

wait(1), CreateCharacter(Jett 1 -e true)

Scarlet "I find that hard to believe especially when you just creep up outta nowhere"

??? "Touche Miss....hmm I didn't get your name madam"

Scarlet "Because I didn't give it and you can drop the madam we look roughly the same age"

Scarlet "Since you snuck up on me I think its only fair you tell me your name first"

??? "Once again touche oh how you wound me, but enough of that the name's Damien"

Scarlet "Scarlet, but more importantly what you are you doing in a place like this"

Damien "oh you know looking for ghosts and all that, definitely didn't come in here while trying to get away from that crazy girl"

Narrator "As Damien finishes his sentence both of you hear someone cry his name"

??? "OH DAMIEN WHERE ARE YOU"

Scarlet "...right um that wouldn't happen to be the crazy girl you were referring to right you know the one who appears to be heading this way right now"

Damien "oh you gotta be kidding me I gotta hide please don't tell her where I went"

Narrator "Before you can even respond Damien disappears"

MoveCharacter(Jett 0.5 -0.5 0.75)

Hide(Jett)

wait(1), CreateCharacter(Faith 1 -e true)

??? "Hmm"

MoveCharacter(Faith 0.3 1 0.75)

??? "Hmmm"

MoveCharacter(Faith 0.7 1 0.75)

??? "Hey red you wouldn't have happened to see a guy with silver hair and red eyes pass through here would you"

MoveCharacter(Faith 0.5 1 0.75)

choice "Major Choice - Will you sell out Damien"
{
	-Yes
		Scarlet "Yea he's over there"

		MoveCharacter(Jett 0.7 0.5 0.75)

		Show(Jett)

		Damien "(sigh)thanks a lot red, yea yea I hear you Des let's just get out of here first then I'll listen to your compl....I mean words of wisdom"

		Hide(Jett)

		Des? "Thanks a lot red you have no idea the trouble this guy causes me"

		Hide(Faith)

		Scarlet "Well that was weird maybe I should've kept my mouth shut but"
		
		Load(Off_Damien_Path_Afterwards)

	-No
		Scarlet "Nope haven't seen anyone"

		??? "ugh well thanks anyway"

		Hide(Faith)

		MoveCharacter(Jett 0.7 0.5 0.75)

		Show(Jett)

		Damien "Phew thanks Red" 

		Scarlet "The name's Scarlet not red, but anyway what was her deal she really came in like a force of nature huh"

		Damien "Oh you don't know the half of it but let's say she gives me more grief than I give her"
		
		Damien "So again I appreciate you not ratting me out"

		Scarlet "Don't mention it seriously I just didn't want to get involved but anaywa..."

		Narrator "Before you can finish that sentence you notice a book under Damien's arm and it's the same book who were sent to retrieve"

		Scarlet "Are you kidding me, have you had that book with you the whole time "

		Damien "What this no it fell off one of the shelves when I was hiding why?"

		Scarlet "That book is the whole reason I got sent here in the first and I've spent the past half hour looking for it"

		Narrator "Before you can finish Damien places the book in your hands"

		Damien "Well then it's yours as thanks for helping me out"

		Narrator "In the distance you hear the bell ring"

		Damien "And with that I bid you adieu mademoiselle I'd love to stay and chat but duty calls, hope to see you around though"

		Hide(Jett)

		Load(On_Damien_Path_Afterwards)
		
}








